In the last lecture we created our first pipe the shortened pipe and it's already working quite well
but it would be nice if we could allow the user to specify the number of characters at which point you
want to shorten the pipe or actually shorten the value.
Right now we're always using 10 characters as a limit.
This is hardcoded into the pipe and this might not be the best pipe you can build.
Instead it would be nice if we would receive a second argument and transform method the let's say limit
and this should simply be a number.
Now limit would be what you don't use here and check.
So only if it's greater or if it has more characters then this limit you want to shorten it.
And then of course you use limit here in your substring method too.
Now with this little change you allow the user to pass a parameter to the pipe because now you receive
a second argument and the transform method.
And since you received this second argument you're the user may pass one parameter to the pipe.
You don't need to change anything else don't need to change anything in the decorator.
This is all.
Now with this we can go to our app component and if we would leave it like this you see it's not short
at all because we're not passing any limits therefore it's undefined therefore we always fail these
check whether it is too long therefore we always return the original value.
But if we do pass a parameter and remember we do this by adding a colon and then the value let's say
five if we do this and save this.
Now you see we're shortening after five characters.
And if we pick 15 now you see the first two names go through quite well because they are short enough
but these last two names are shortened.
And this is how you can of course at multiple parameters.
You would add another parameter simply by adding a number argument here.
So this would be another Ardagh of the type you wanted to become whatever it is.
And then with that added You could simply add a number of colon and your second parameter.
This is how you parameterize your own pipes.
And of course you could also chain them with built in types and so on you can use it like a built in
pipe.
It's just your old pipe.
So this is awesome.
Let's now go one to an advanced use case and to some limitations you might face when using pipes